Recommend Cluster Autoscaler Deploy Topology (#6107)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/optional/autoscaling.md

This means that each cluster you want to scale will need its own cluster autoscaler deployment.

We support three deployment topologies:
1. [RECOMMENDED] Cluster Autoscaler deployed in the management cluster to autoscale the management cluster itself
2. [RECOMMENDED] Cluster Autoscaler deployed in the management cluster to autoscale a remote workload cluster
3. Cluster Autoscaler deployed in the workload cluster to autoscale the workload cluster itself

> If your cluster architecture supports management clusters with resources to run additional workloads, you may want to consider using deployment topologies (1) and (2). Instructions for using this topology can be found [here]({{< relref "../../packages/cluster-autoscaler/addclauto#install-cluster-autoscaler-in-management-cluster-recommended" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster architecture supports management clusters with resources to run additional workloads, you may want to consider using deployment topologies (1) and (2). Instructions for using this topology can be found on the [Cluster Autoscaler]({{< relref "../../packages/cluster-autoscaler/addclauto#install-cluster-autoscaler-in-management-cluster-recommended" >}}) page.
```

> If your cluster architecture supports management clusters with resources to run additional workloads, you may want to consider using deployment topologies (1) and (2). Instructions for using this topology can be found [here]({{< relref "../../packages/cluster-autoscaler/addclauto#install-cluster-autoscaler-in-management-cluster-recommended" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster architecture supports management clusters with resources to run additional workloads, you may want to consider using deployment topologies (1) and (2). Instructions for using this topology can be found on the [Cluster Autoscaler]({{< relref "../../packages/cluster-autoscaler/addclauto#install-cluster-autoscaler-in-management-cluster-recommended" >}}) page.
```
I try to avoid "here" when possible.
